v0.25: API keys guide (#1307)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/security.md

# Security

> MeiliSearch gives you fine-grained control over which users can access which indexes, endpoints, and routes. When protecting your instance with a master key, you can ensure only authorized users can carry out sensitive tasks such as adding documents or altering index settings.

Author: Ok, no problem. I actually only wrote that to be consistent with other guides in which we start with a very broad and generic statement, so I'm fine moving it somewhere else.

In this guide, you will learn how to protect your MeiliSearch instance with a master key and communicate with it using an API key. You will also see how you can use your instance's master key to create, update, list and delete API keys.

## Protecting a MeiliSearch instance

By default, MeiliSearch is unprotected. This means all routes are publicly accessible.

To protect a MeiliSearch instance from unauthorized use, you must supply an alphanumeric string at launch. This alphanumeric string is your master key.

Setting up a master key can be done with either command-line options or environment variables. You can read more about [master key configuration in our instance configuration guide](/reference/features/configuration.md#master-key).

:::: tabs
::: tab CLI

```sh

> ./meilisearch --master-key="[your_master_key]"

Reviewer: That's very interesting. I believe I'm the opposite of you. If I saw the above code sample, I would assume the brackets were meant to be there--particularly in the case of `Authorization: Bearer [your_master_key]`, where the syntax is already alien to me and I have no reason to think that the brackets aren't mandatory. If the copy+pasted command failed, I would assume that either I had done something else wrong, the documentation was incorrect, or the program itself was broken.

I would indeed like to remove them, and start a separate discussion about finding a symbol to denote placeholder text in code samples. I think on a topic like this with potentially negative repercussions for the user, it's particularly important to make a decision informed by research and quote unquote best practices.

> ./meilisearch --master-key="[your_master_key]"

Reviewer: If you don't mind, I will resolve your comments adding square brackets to the code samples in #1312 .

```

:::

::: tab Environment variable

```sh
MEILI_MASTER_KEY="[your_master_key]"
./meilisearch
```

:::
::::

::: note

> Launching an instance with a master key is mandatory when `env` is set to `production`.

Author: I honestly think that this bit of knowledge is helpful and relevant, but you clearly feel very strongly about removing it so I'm not going to oppose.

> ::: note
> Launching an instance with a master key is mandatory when `env` is set to `production`.
> :::
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Once you launch MeiliSearch with a master key, the instance is protected. From that point on, [communicating with a protected instance](#communicating-with-a-protected-instance) requires adding an `Authorization` header to requests.

Reviewer: Nope just a brain fart! Edited it for you.

## Communicating with a protected instance

> After an instance is secured, only the [`GET /health` endpoint](/reference/api/health.md) will be publicly available. To access any other API endpoint, you must add a security key with suitable permissions to your request.

Author: I wanted to send this back to review today, so I took a different approach.

I incorporated your edits to the first paragraph, but instead of creating a new subheading here explaining what API keys are, I left the code sample still close to the heading. Then, I moved a renamed "Default API keys" section just after the example and opened a new section named "Differences between the master key and API keys".

It's likely not the most elegant or ideal solution, but it was quicker and, I hope, address the main issues with content labeling and information architecture.

It is particularly important to protect an instance when dealing with sensitive data. You can use API keys to ensure only authorized people can search through an index containing medical records:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_search_key_1" />

> MeiliSearch currently has two types of security keys: one master key and any number of API keys.

Author: I think it's actually possible to say that, yes, both master and API keys are currently two types of the same thing, but, confusingly, no, they are not subject to the same rules. This particular issue has been one of the major pain points in writing this guide for me: "yes, both things are called keys and their functionality overlaps, but they are not the same thing."

Perhaps clarity here is difficult because the spec itself is muddied in how it wants the master key to be used in one specific way, but also tacitly allows people to go wild and use it for everything?

When you launch an instance for the first time, MeiliSearch creates two default API keys: [`Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`](#default-api-keys).

While API keys are designed to have limited permissions, the master key grants users full control over an instance, including endpoints for creating and deleting API keys. Since exposing your master key would give malicious users complete control over your MeiliSearch instance, we strongly recommend you only use the master key when managing API keys.

If you provide an invalid or expired key, you will receive an error as a response. You will receive the same error if you fail to provide a key when querying a protected route.

### Default API Keys

When you launch an instance for the first time, MeiliSearch will automatically generate two API keys: `Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`.

As its name indicates, the `Default Search API Key` can only be used to access [the search route](/reference/api/search.md).

> The second automatically-generated key, `Default Admin API Key`, has access to all API routes except `/keys`. You should avoid exposing the default admin key in publicly accessible code.

Author: Going with the warning block for now. We can reassess whether this is the best location when in the inevitable review this guide will go through in the next MeiliSearch release.

      "key": "380689dd379232519a54d15935750cc7625620a2ea2fc06907cb40ba5b421b6f",
      "actions": [
          "*"
      ],
      "indexes": [
          "*"
      ],
      "expiresAt": null,
      "createdAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z"
    },
    {
      "description": "Search patient records key",
      "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
      "actions": [
        "search"
      ],
      "indexes": [
        "patient_medical_records"
      ],
      "expiresAt": "2023-01-01T00:00:00Z",
      "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
      "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Deleting an API key

If a key is no longer useful or has been compromised, you can use [delete key endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md#delete-a-key) to disable it before its expiry date.

If we accidentally exposed our `Search patient records key`, we can delete it to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to our `patient_medical_records` index:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_delete_key_1" />

### Expired keys

> Once a key is past its `expiresAt` date, using it when communicating with a protected instance will return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a key is past its `expiresAt` date, using it for API authorization will return an error. It will still be returned by the [list keys endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys).
```

> If you must continue using an expired key, you may use the [update key endpoint] to set a new `expiresAt` date and effectively reactivate it.

Reviewer: As a general rule of thumb a broken link that our CIs will shout at us about is infinitely better than an incomplete link that can be forgotten and silently published. If we're not exactly sure what the final path will be, we should guess.

```suggestion
If you must continue using an expired key, you may use the [update key endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md#update-a-key) to set a new `expiresAt` date and effectively reactivate it.
```

> ## Updating the master key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changing the master key
```

> To update the master key, you must first terminate your instance. You must then launch it again, [supplying a new value for the master key](#protecting-a-meilisearch-instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the master key, first terminate your MeiliSearch instance. Then relaunch it, [supplying a new value for the master key](#protecting-a-meilisearch-instance).
```

> **Changing an instance's master key renders all active API keys invalid and generates new values for each one of them.** This can be useful if your master key is ever compromised and you must reset all key values at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Changing an instance's master key renders all active API keys invalid and generates new values for each one of them.** This is useful if your security is severely compromised and you must reset all API key values at once.
```

## Disabling security

You can disable instance protection by restarting MeiliSearch without providing a master key:

:::: tabs
::: tab CLI

> If the master key was set up with command-line flags, relaunch the instance without the `--master-key` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your master key was set up using the command-line option, relaunch the instance without the `--master-key` option:
```

```sh
./meilisearch
```

:::

::: tab Environment variable

> - If the master key was configured with environment variables, unset `MEILI_MASTER_KEY` and relaunch the instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your master key was configured with an environment variable, unset `MEILI_MASTER_KEY` and relaunch the instance:
```

```sh

> MEILI_MASTER_KEY=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export MEILI_MASTER_KEY=
```

./meilisearch
```

:::
::::

::: danger

> We strongly advise against deactivating MeiliSearch's key-based security in publicly-accessible instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly advise against deactivating key-based security for any MeiliSearch instances used in production or containing sensitive information.
```

# Security

> MeiliSearch allows you to protect your instances by using API keys. API keys give you fine-grained control over which users can access which indexes, endpoints, and  routes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MeiliSearch allows you to protect your instances by using API keys. API keys give you fine-grained control over which users can access which indexes, endpoints, and routes.
```

## Protecting a MeiliSearch instance

To protect a MeiliSearch instance, you must supply it with an alphanumeric string representing your `master` key. This can be done with the [master key configuration option](/reference/features/configuration.md#master-key):

:::: tabs
::: tab CLI

```sh
./meilisearch --master-key="[your_master_key]"
```

:::

::: tab Environment variable

```sh
MEILI_MASTER_KEY="[your_master_key]"
```

:::
::::

::: note
Launching an instance with a `master` key is mandatory when `env` is set to `production`.
:::

> Communicating with a protected instance's endpoints requires adding a `Authorization` header to your request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Communicating with a protected instance's endpoints requires adding an `Authorization` header to your request.
```

### Using the `master` key

> Whenever possible, you should avoid using your `master` key to access API endpoints other than [`/keys`](/reference/api/keys.md) and [use API Keys instead](#api-keys). When you launch a secured instance for the first time, MeiliSearch creates a two default API keys: [`Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`](#default-api-keys).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever possible, you should avoid using your `master` key to access API endpoints other than [`/keys`](/reference/api/keys.md) and [use API Keys instead](#api-keys). When you launch a secured instance for the first time, MeiliSearch creates two default API keys: [`Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`](#default-api-keys).
```

> The `master` key is the only key with access to the [`/keys` endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md). You can use this endpoint to [create, update, and delete API keys](#api-keys).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `master` key is the only key with access to the [`/keys` endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md). You can use this endpoint to [create, update, delete, list API keys](#api-keys).
```

Author: Will use your suggestion, just adding a final "and" there.

```suggestion
The `master` key is the only key with access to the [`/keys` endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md). You can use this endpoint to [create, update, list, and delete API keys](#api-keys).
```

- `actions`: an array of [valid key actions](/reference/api/keys.md#actions) _(mandatory)_
- `expiresAt`: a valid ISO 8601 datetime after which the key will stop working _(mandatory)_
- `description`: a string describing the key's intended use _(optional)_

`indexes`, `actions`, and `expiresAt` are mandatory. Failing to specify any of these arguments when creating a key will result in an error.

::: note
While we strongly advise against it, you can create an API key with no expiry date by explicitly passing a `null` value to `expiresAt`.
:::

#### Example

You can create an API key that can only perform searches on your `scifi_books` index. Since you expect this key to remain useful for a long time and it doesn't have write access to any other endpoints, you decide you set its expiry date to the next year:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_create_key_1" />

All [`/keys` endpoints](/reference/api/keys.md) are synchronous, so your key will be generated immediately:

```json
{
  "description": "Search key",
  "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
  "actions": [
      "search"
  ],

>   "indexes": ["scifi_books"],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "indexes": [
  "scifi_books"
  ],
```

  "expiresAt": "2023-01-01T00:00:00Z",
  "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
}
```

Before you start searching, you need to add content to that index, so you create another key that allows you to add, update, and delete documents. Since this is a sensitive task, you set the key to expire the next day:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_create_key_2" />

Once again, you'll receive the key in the request response body:

```json
{
  "description": "Manage sci-fi books key",
  "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
  "actions": [
    "documents.add",
    "documents.get",
    "documents.delete"
  ],

>   "indexes": ["scifi_books"],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "indexes": [
  "scifi_books"
  ],
```

      "key": "380689dd379232519a54d15935750cc7625620a2ea2fc06907cb40ba5b421b6f",
      "actions": [
          "*"
      ],
      "indexes": [
          "*"
      ],
      "expiresAt": null,
      "createdAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Updating an API key

You can freely update an API key until it expires. This includes editing the indexes, endpoints, and routes it can access, as well as its description and expiry date.

To update an API key, you must use the [`PATCH /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md#update-a-key) endpoint which can only be accessed with the `master` key. Here, `:key` stands for the full value of the key you want to update.

#### Example

After creating your `Manage sci-fi books key` with an expiry date set for the next day, you decide to extend its duration in case you need to update some of the books:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_update_key_1" />

```json
{
  "description": "Manage sci-fi books key",
  "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
  "actions": [
    "documents.add",
    "documents.get",
    "documents.delete"
  ],

>   "indexes": ["scifi_books"],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "indexes": [
  "scifi_books"
  ],
```

  "expiresAt": "2022-03-01T00:00:00Z",
  "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
}
```

As you can see, MeiliSearch supports partial updates with the `PATCH` route. This means that your payload can contain only the data you want to update—in this case, `expiresAt`.

### Deleting an API key

If a key is no longer useful or has been compromised, you can use [`DELETE /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md#delete-a-key) to disable it before its expiry date.

#### Example

> Since you don't expect to routinely update your instance's indexes after adding the first batch of documents, you decide the default admin key MeiliSearch is not necessary:

Reviewer 2: > you decide the default admin key MeiliSearch is not necessary:

Is something missing here?

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_delete_key_1" />

### Expired keys

> Once a key is past its `expiresAt` date, it becomes inaccessible and does not show up when querying [`GET /keys` or `GET /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md). It is not currently possible to renew a key after its expiry date.

Reviewer 2: > It is not currently possible to renew a key after its expiry date.

Shouldn’t we give this more importance? 👀  Maybe put it in a container or bold it?

Reviewer 3: 👍  We could also elaborate on the fact that the user will have to create an API key to replace an expired one and give a link to the API key creation.

Reviewer: I believe this is no longer accurate and should be updated—see [Slack thread](https://meilisearch.slack.com/archives/C01K0CZKASZ/p1639046295069200).

# Security

MeiliSearch allows you to protect your instances by using API keys. API keys give you fine-grained control over which users can access which indexes, endpoints, and routes.

> ## Protecting a MeiliSearch instance

Reviewer: When you set or change the master key, all existing keys are regenerated (they still exist but receive a new key value). Would be nice to drop this info towards the end of this section.

> To protect a MeiliSearch instance, you must supply it with an alphanumeric string representing your `master` key. This can be done with the [master key configuration option](/reference/features/configuration.md#master-key):

Reviewer: Why is `master` in code snippets throughout this guide?

All [`/keys` endpoints](/reference/api/keys.md) are synchronous, so your key will be generated immediately:

```json
{
  "description": "Search key",
  "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
  "actions": [
      "search"
  ],
  "indexes": [
  "scifi_books"
  ],
  "expiresAt": "2023-01-01T00:00:00Z",
  "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
}
```

Before you start searching, you need to add content to that index, so you create another key that allows you to add, update, and delete documents. Since this is a sensitive task, you set the key to expire the next day:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_create_key_2" />

Once again, you'll receive the key in the request response body:

```json
{
  "description": "Manage sci-fi books key",
  "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
  "actions": [
    "documents.add",
    "documents.get",
    "documents.delete"
  ],
  "indexes": [
  "scifi_books"
  ],
  "expiresAt": "2022-02-01T00:00:00Z",
  "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
}
```

### Default API Keys

> When you launch an instance with a `master` key for the first time, MeiliSearch will automatically generate two API keys: `Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`.

Author: @gmourier on another comment:

> This is to speed up the process for a user who wants to secure his instance without creating special keys. We generate two keys identical to the old public and private keys. We just make the system more consistent by transferring them as API Key resources while the user can keep it fast (thus not having to create these default API Keys) for a simple security use-case.

Not sure I completely follow. What is the point of creating the keys before a user has signaled they will need them? And won't those keys change the moment the user finally sets a master key, since AFAIK changing a master key regenerates all existing keys?

{
  "description": "Default Admin API Key (Use it for all other operations. Caution! Do not use it on a public frontend)",
  "key": "380689dd379232519a54d15935750cc7625620a2ea2fc06907cb40ba5b421b6f",
  "actions": [
    "*"
  ],
  "indexes": [
    "*"
  ],
  "expiresAt": null,
  "createdAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z"
}
```

Both default API keys have access to all indexes in an instance and do not have an expiry date. If necessary, they can be deleted or edited like any user-created key.

### Listing API keys

You can use the [`/keys` endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md) to obtain information on any active key in your MeiliSearch instance. This can be useful when you need an overview of which keys exist and what permissions they have.

[`GET /keys`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-all-keys) returns a full list of all existing keys. Expired and deleted keys will not appear in the response. As with creating, deleting, and updating API keys, you need the `master` key to access this endpoint.

[`GET /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md#get-one-key), where `:key` stands for the full value of an active key, returns information on a single key.

#### Example

> You can query your instance to confirm which active keys have access to your `scifi_books` index:

Author: Yeap. I think it's important a guide generally only uses one index so there is some sort of narrative going on.

`scifi_books` was just the first thing that came to my mind and I agree we should change it. I'll probably choose one from the more privacy-critical you suggested earlier.

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_list_keys_1" />

```json
{
  "results": [
    {
      "description": "Default Search API Key (Use it to search from the frontend code)",
      "key": "0a6e572506c52ab0bd6195921575d23092b7f0c284ab4ac86d12346c33057f99",
      "actions": [
          "search"
      ],
      "indexes": [
          "*"
      ],
      "expiresAt": null,
      "createdAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z"
    },
    {
      "description": "Default Admin API Key (Use it for all other operations. Caution! Do not share it on the client side)",
      "key": "380689dd379232519a54d15935750cc7625620a2ea2fc06907cb40ba5b421b6f",
      "actions": [
          "*"
      ],
      "indexes": [
          "*"
      ],
      "expiresAt": null,
      "createdAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-11T10:00:00Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Updating an API key

You can freely update an API key until it expires. This includes editing the indexes, endpoints, and routes it can access, as well as its description and expiry date.

> To update an API key, you must use the [`PATCH /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md#update-a-key) endpoint which can only be accessed with the `master` key. Here, `:key` stands for the full value of the key you want to update.

Reviewer: I still think we should follow a single convention for linking to API reference pages, and that we should prefer our name for the endpoint over the HTTP verb + route. (Although I realize that it sounds kind of funny and redundant here.)

```suggestion
To update an API key, you must use the [update API key endpoint](/reference/api/keys.md#update-a-key) which can only be accessed with the `master` key. `:key` stands for the full value of the key you want to update.
```

> #### Example

Reviewer: Same comment as above about putting examples front and center for this guide (and future ones!)

After creating your `Manage sci-fi books key` with an expiry date set for the next day, you decide to extend its duration in case you need to update some of the books:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_update_key_1" />

```json
{
  "description": "Manage sci-fi books key",
  "key": "d0552b41536279a0ad88bd595327b96f01176a60c2243e906c52ac02375f9bc4",
  "actions": [
    "documents.add",
    "documents.get",
    "documents.delete"
  ],
  "indexes": [
  "scifi_books"
  ],
  "expiresAt": "2022-03-01T00:00:00Z",
  "createdAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T10:00:00Z"
}
```

> As you can see, MeiliSearch supports partial updates with the `PATCH` route. This means that your payload can contain only the data you want to update—in this case, `expiresAt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MeiliSearch supports partial updates with the `PATCH` route. This means that your payload only needs to contain the data you want to update—in this case, `expiresAt`.
```

### Deleting an API key

> If a key is no longer useful or has been compromised, you can use [`DELETE /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md#delete-a-key) to disable it before its expiry date.

Reviewer: Same comment about links to API references. Let me know if you think this warrants further discussion, we can have a meeting and hash it out.

#### Example

> Since you don't expect to routinely update your instance's indexes after adding the first batch of documents, you decide the default admin key MeiliSearch is not necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you don't expect to routinely update your instance's indexes after adding the first batch of documents, you decide the default admin key is not necessary:
```

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_delete_key_1" />

### Expired keys

Once a key is past its `expiresAt` date, it becomes inaccessible and does not show up when querying [`GET /keys` or `GET /keys/:key`](/reference/api/keys.md). It is not currently possible to renew a key after its expiry date.

> ## Communicating with a protected instance

Reviewer: Would like this whole section to occur earlier in the article, closer to the instance protection section.

Reviewer 3: Hi! 👋

MeiliSearch returns expired keys on the `/keys` endpoints. 

This is a change we described a few days ago [here](https://github.com/meilisearch/specifications/pull/85#issuecomment-988698533) after a first QA phase.

This is especially due to the fact that it is easier to see the keys that have expired to extend the expiration date as we do not have the possibility to regenerate the keys directly for now! 

So maybe you can rephrase this or just remove it 😇

After an instance is secured, only the [`GET /health` endpoint](/reference/api/health.md) will be publicly available. To access any other API endpoint, you must add an API key with suitable permissions to the request header.

> We strongly discourage using the `master` key for API calls. Doing so risks publicly exposing your `master` key and giving malicious users full access over your MeiliSearch indexes.

Reviewer: Would be nice to provide a code example showing what NOT to do.

Also, there is one big exception to this, which is the API key management endpoints right?

Reviewer 4: Good question. Maybe something like this 

❌  BAD

```js
// WARNING:  if the maste key is leaked, you have to restart MeiliSearch with a new master key
// All your other API keys are automatically obsolete.
const masterClient = new Meilisearch({ host: "http://localhost:7700", apiKey: "masterKey")
```

✅  Good
```js
// We use the private key listed in `getKeys` or a generated key. 
// In case of leak, it can be changed using `updateKey`
const client = new Meilisearch({ host: host: "http://localhost:7700", apiKey: secretKey })
```

> If you provide an invalid or expired key, you will receive an error as a response to your API call. You will receive the same error if you fail to provide a key when querying a protected route.

Reviewer: I think our shorthand for "provide a key for an API call" should be "authorization", after the `Authorization: Bearer ` syntax.

```suggestion
If you provide an invalid or expired key for authorization, you will receive an error as a response. You will receive the same error if you fail to provide a key when querying a protected route.
```

### Example

You can use a valid API key with access to the `search` endpoint to query your protected instance:

<CodeSamples id="security_guide_search_key_1" />

## Disabling security

> You can make your instance unprotected by restarting MeiliSearch without providing a `master` key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can remove protection from your instance by restarting MeiliSearch without providing a `master` key:
```

Author: Not that I'm particularly fond of "making your instance unprotected", but I'm not sure I like "remove protection" either. Perhaps we should just repeat the title?

```suggestion
You can disable security by restarting MeiliSearch without providing a `master` key:
```

- If the master key was set up with command-line flags, relaunch the instance without the `--master-key` option

> - If the master key was configured with environment variables, unset `MEILI_MASTER_KEY` and relaunch the instance

Reviewer: How?

::: danger
We strongly advise against deactivating MeiliSearch's key-based security in publicly-accessible instances.

> :::

Reviewer: Not sure if this warning is useful. But I guess it doesn't hurt.
